(gentle brooding music)
- [Arturo] Well, you know
she asked me about you
like when you're gonna take
her on that sweet ride of yours
but you know I had to tell her
that you got your DUI,
license suspended like last-
- I can't believe you told her that.
- No, no, no, I didn't.
I, you know I just told
her the truth, man.
- Why?
- [Arturo] DUI is true, man.
- And why'd you have to tell her that for?
What are you stupid?
- No.
- Now she'll never go out with me!
- [Arturo] I didn't mean anything by it.
- Oh, you don't mean anything.
Well, I don't mean anything by this.
(fist thudding)
(Arturo groaning)
Get off of me!
You stupid?
Why'd you have to tell her that for?
- [Arturo] Please calm down, man.
Please, please, you're hurting me.
(water splashing)
(rock thuds)
- What the fuck?
Is he nuts?
Does he wanna die?
Right now watch.
You're gonna see the
mother of all beatings.
(suspenseful music)
(water splashing)
(Brock yells)
(fist thudding)
(water splashing)
(foot thuds)
(body thuds)
(water splashing)
(Arturo laughing)
Okay, now I'm gonna hurt you.
(water splashing)
(fist thudding)
(foot thuds)
(body thuds)
(water splashing)
- Brock, that's the Sheriff!
- Why didn't you say anything?
- 'Cause I don't get to fish very often
and you just ruined it.
Get up.
(water splashing)
Now I know your first name,
what's your last name?
- Pasero.
- You got ID?
That boy you were hitting
on, I recognize him,
he's the son of Dr. Aguilar,
the dentist, isn't he?
What's his first name?
- Arturo.
- You ever lay a hand on him again
and I'll be checking with him,
I'll arrest you for battery.
You hear me?
Speak up!
- [Brock] Yeah, I got it.
- Now consider that a
pact between you and I,
and I won't be the one to break it.
Get out of here.
(water splashing)
(ominous music)
(gate whirring)
- All right, remove his cuffs.
(gate thuds)
(cuffs clanging)
Draven Denisen, by order
of the parole board
you are here by released
from Huntsville Penitentiary
having served your mandatory sentence,
but as your warden having
watched you for 12 years,
(chuckles) I did not want this,
and I tried hard to stop it.
- Did you now?
We don't always get what we want.
Next time try harder.
- Because of the violent
nature of your crime
you must report to your parole officer
in San Antonio in 48 hours,
and then at his discretion
for the next five years.
Do you understand that?
- Yes, Warden, I can tell time.
I can even count too.
- If you need lodging in San Antonio
you should go to the Salvation
Army shelter for men.
It's on Nolan Street, it's downtown.
- Thanks for the advice, Warden,
but I won't be need lodging in San Antonio
because I won't be staying in San Antonio.
I'm going to Paradise.
I'm going home.
I'm going to Arlettsville.
(ominous music)
(towel scraping)
(gentle music)
(door clicks)
- [Carrie] Hey, handsome.
How'd you make out?
- Great.
Help me clean these beauties.
We'll be eating good tonight.
- I'd love to.
These are beauties.
By the way how was it on the river?
Was it peaceful?
- Hmm.
- Was it nice?
- It was heaven, just like you said.
- Well, I'm glad, you know
'cause you really needed that.
Break up all the stress.
- Yeah, sure did, and I got it.
- Well, I know if Tom were
here he would of gone with you.
- I'm sure he would of
found it interesting.
- But he had to go off to Texas A&M.
- You say that like you resent him for it.
- I don't resent him, I just miss him.
- Well, then it's a good thing Becky's
gonna go to community
college in September,
'cause I sure don't have enough charm
to fill the void in this
house if they're both gone.
- Well, I wouldn't
underestimate your charm
because you still wield
quite a lot of it with me.
(Joe laughs)
And besides it's gonna happen anyway,
sooner or later it's
just gonna be you and me
in this old house.
- Well, we can entertain
each other, don't you think?
- Hello.
- Hi.
- Smells fishy in here.
- Smells good to me.
Good afternoon, Sheriff.
- Same to you Jayden.
- Mrs. Haladin.
- Hello, Jayden.
- [Jayden] Nice throw.
- Nice catch.
- You wanna help me
clean some of these fish?
Think of it like biology class.
- Stop.
- Dad, I'm a math major you know that.
Tell it to Jayden.
- Jayden?
- What she means, sir, is
that I'm a biology major.
I wanna be a sports medicine doctor.
- Well, as a guy who's experienced a heap
of sports injuries, I say, bravo.
- Thank you, sir.
- Just remembered I'm gonna
eat at his house tonight.
His parents invited me.
- But you're gonna miss
out on the fabulous fish
your father caught for us.
He toiled on the river.
- And she doesn't know the half of it.
- Then save me some, okay?
- Wait, Becky, I could call
my mom and dad and explain.
They'll understand.
- [Becky] Jayden, it's their anniversary.
- I know but it's the 23rd,
and plus I already told 'em that.
- Stop, Caleb and Grace
have us beat on this one.
You two go have dinner with them tonight.
Case closed.
- Okay, but remember I wanna
try some fish, so save me some.
- Becky, there's enough
here to feed the multitudes,
you got nothing to worry about.
- Okay, then we're out of here.
Love you, guys.
- Bye.
- Love you too.
(gentle music)
Jayden is so nice, isn't he?
- He's a good kid.
- Becky seems very happy.
I'm just glad she didn't find out
about our night of
terror until it was over.
You know how she adores you and Tom.
- We adore her.
- Tommy changed from it overnight.
It's like he instantly matured.
- Extreme danger can do that to a person.
- He's not the only
one who's gotten older,
I know it put five years on me.
- (sighs) Nah, you're mistaken,
and you're still my yellow rose.
- The worst thing is knowing
how badly I treated you, Joe.
I really lost it.
- Carrie, it was just a
moment, fleeting moment.
It doesn't mean anything.
Doesn't matter to me.
To me it never happened.
- You really mean that?
- I mean it body and soul.
- I love you body and soul.
- Well, I better go shower and change.
Head to the office, have my weekly pow wow
with Dave and Nelson.
You got everything you need for tonight?
Batter, butter, eggs?
- I got everything I need in this world.
- That's good.
Then the Haladin's shall
be dining in tonight.
(Carrie laughs)
(birds chirping)
(door clicks)
- Good afternoon, Sheriff.
Dave and Nelson are waiting
for you in your office.
- As I expected, Harriet.
Any messages?
- Oh, yes, Lester Willis
called from the school board.
He wants you send over a deputy on Friday
to conduct a bicycle safety
class at the elementary school.
- Well, that's important,
so I'll check the schedule
and see who I can free up to go do it.
Anything else?
- Yes, Hank called, he says,
"He has some budget numbers
to crunch with you."
Oh, and there is one other thing, um,
but I think you might wanna
have Dave and Nelson tell you.
Um, it's sensitive.
- Got it.
Be on the lookout for a
delivery from the DOT okay.
- I'll let you know as soon
as it arrives, Sheriff.
- Thank you, Harriet.
(phone ringing)
(door clicks)
Howdy, guys.
- Sheriff.
- Joe.
You heard the news?
- Apparently not.
- Draven Denisen just got
released from Huntsville,
and the news is he's coming
back to Arlettsville.
I got a call from his parole officer.
- Well, he didn't reach
me, so no, I hadn't heard.
- Well, I think we can all
agree he is not a changed man.
- (laughs) About as much as bobcat
can change his bars and spots.
- Well, what do you
wanna do about him, Joe?
I mean you're the one that arrested him
and put him away for 12 years.
- And it should of been longer than that.
That guard he hit almost died.
Poor man was in a coma for days.
Said, "He never was right in the head."
- Well, Draven is a violent man,
there's no doubt about that.
I suppose he's just coming back
because of his son, Hunter.
Maybe he still likes
the fishing around here.
- Maybe he still likes he ex-wife Laura.
- Yeah, maybe, that wouldn't
surprise me, not one bit.
So that settles it, he
has plenty of reasons
to return to Arlettsville.
- Well, what do you
wanna do about him, Joe?
I mean what's our M.O. on this one?
- (sighs) Well, you know
we can't surveil him.
We'll keep our eyes and ears open,
we'll ask our friends in the
community to do the same.
We need stay vigilant and we will.
When is uh, Draven expected to arrive?
- Tomorrow on the afternoon
bus from San Antonio,
so says the PO.
- Well, this kind of thing
happens all the time,
and it happens everywhere.
Draven Denisen is bad to the bone,
that's our operating premise,
we'll just take it from there.
(bus engine humming)
(door clanging)
(ominous music)
Draven Denisen.
- Well, howdy, Sheriff.
You here to greet me, to wish me well.
I bet you're hoping I make a fresh start.
Isn't that right, Sheriff?
But I gotta tell you I
wish you would of brought
that pretty little wife of yours along.
Man, Sheriff, I'd be lying if I told you
that she didn't cross
my mind plenty of times
when I was in the big house.
A man has got to keep his juices flowing.
Isn't that right, Sheriff?
Hey, what about that big guy?
The big lumbering klutz
who's about as (tongue
clicking) smart as fishing bait?
What was his name?
Was his name uh, Gomer?
Was that it?
He still work for you, Sheriff?
The other guy, the uh,
Howdy Doody with the teeth,
shit eating grin, he
still around, Sheriff?
You know how to pick 'em.
- Whoa, that's enough, Draven.
You might of spent 12
years writing that speech
but it's just the punk in you coming out.
I'm not interested.
Here's what we both do know,
one, you haven't changed.
Two, you're here, nothing
I can do about it yet.
Three, I'll be watching you like a hawk.
Four, I don't put anything
past you, not a damn thing.
If I left anything out, you
be sure and let me know.
(tongue clicking)
- Will do, Sheriff.
Sheriff, say hi to the
missus for me, would you?
(door bell ringing)
(door clicks)
- Sheriff, is everything all right?
- There's no emergency, Laura.
I need to talk to you about
your ex-husband, Draven.
May I come in?
- Of course, Sheriff.
(door bangs)
- Thank you.
Were you aware that
Draven got out of prison?
He arrived here by bus this afternoon.
- I was informed of it
by his parole officer.
- So Hunter knows too then?
- Yes, he does.
- How does he feel about it?
- Towards his father?
- Towards his father, yes.
If you don't mind me asking
how does he get along with you?
- His attitude towards
his father is unclear
but his attitude towards
me just plain stinks.
It has for some time.
- He lives here with you doesn't he?
- Yes, he does, but I
have no control over him.
He's 18 now, do you know that?
A legal adult, so I can't
make him do anything.
- But you're still his mother,
and this is still your house.
- I hear you, Sheriff, but
it doesn't matter to him,
I get no respect.
I'm lucky he doesn't.
- Lucky he doesn't what?
Laura, we've know each other a
long time, since high school,
you were Carrie's best friend,
then you became my friend.
I need to hear you say
that you will tell me
if Hunter ever gets physical with you.
I won't arrest him but I will talk to him.
- All right, Joe, I'll tell you.
And I know I haven't kept up
with you and Carrie very well,
it's not because my
feelings for you changed,
it's because I've been down, Joe.
I've been down on myself.
I just haven't felt like
I'd be good for anybody.
Do you understand?
- I do, Laura.
But don't keep it all on yourself,
we're just as much to blame as you are.
Now listen, I want you to
call me if you hear anything
you think that I should know,
whether you hear it
directly or second hand.
If you ever think that you're
in danger call me immediately.
- I will, Joe.
And I want you to know
that I'm grateful to you
for that and more.
I just appreciate you so much.
Time hasn't changed you.
- (laughs) I don't know about that.
I am getting old.
- Oh, no, you're not, Joe.
Time's been good to you.
- Well, if my joints could talk
they'd be telling you
different believe me.
- I remember that time
you sprained your wrist
at the football game.
- I remember it too because that hurt.
- They announced that
they were keeping you
on the sidelines to ice it,
hoping that you'd be able
to get back in the game,
and you did, throwing the ball
for the winning touchdown.
- I wobbled it pretty bad as I recall.
But lucky for me Bill Mesher
was one hell of a receiver.
- Then it occurred to me that
you should have an icepack
for the ride home, so I
ran out and got you one.
- Wait, you did that?
I recall Carrie had an icepack for me.
- Oh, she did, but I'm the
one who ran out and got it.
It was my idea.
- But why didn't she tell me?
- [Laura] I told her not to.
- Why did you do that?
- I didn't want it to
seem you know intrusive.
- Thank you for thinking of me.
Now let me tell you a secret,
I carry two business cards on me,
one with my personal cellphone
number and one without.
You're getting the one with.
- I really appreciate this, Joe.
I feel a lot safer now.
I just, I just wish there was
something I could do for you.
- (laughs) Well.
- I know, I'll call my friend, Carrie,
and take her out to lunch.
- She'd like that.
Well, I better go, Laura.
But you'll be hearing from
me again soon and often.
Is that okay with you?
- Anything for Joltin' Joe.
- (laughs) Then it's a deal.
I'll show myself out.
Now you take care of yourself, Laura.
- You too, Joe.
- So I'm at locker when Scott Larson
walks by with his girlfriend, Heather,
and they're talking,
laughing, yakking it up,
and then he just bumps into me.
He turns around and gives
me the quickest sorry
that anyone's ever said,
and then I dropped my books,
and he picked 'em up for me,
and he hands 'em to me.
And then he says, "Here ya
go," like I'm some little kid
or some kind of retard.
- Dude, I highly doubt
that's what he meant.
- And then they just walked
away like nothing happened.
- Nothing did happen, Chase.
It was just a mishap.
- Just a mishap.
I'm sure they're laughing
about it and talking about me.
- There you go again about
people talking about you, dude.
You know it's a big wide world out there
there's more to talk about
then just Chase Garick.
- Hunter, I can feel it in my bones
when someone's talking about me.
I got the gift that way,
and I know you might not
believe it but you should,
and someday you will.
- Yeah, whatever, man.
(car horn honking)
I gotta go.
- Uh, hey, Hunter, uh,
do you wanna go shooting
with me on Saturday?
They're have a special at the range.
- I don't, I don't know, man.
(hand banging)
Got a new truck already, huh?
- Let's say a guy owed me
favor and he wisely granted it.
- There you go.
- Get in.
Let's get out of here.
(truck door bangs)
(Draven laughing)
Nice to see you, boy.
- Yeah.
(truck engine roaring)
- So who's that?
- That's the kid I wrote
you about, Chase Garick.
Kid's so fucking paranoid.
- Is that the kid that
thinks everybody's laughing
at him behind his back?
- Yeah, but I mean really
he's got it all wrong.
He always says, "People are
laughing at him and stuff,"
but really they're just
waiting for him to go postal.
- Going postal, man, I haven't heard
that expression in a long time.
Hey, how's school?
- School's boring.
- How's your mother?
- She's boring too.
- [Draven] And that's all you got to say?
- About her?
- [Draven] Well, we ain't talking
about Melania Trump are we?
(Hunter laughs)
- [Hunter] What do you
wanna know about her?
- She uh, seeing anyone?
- I don't think she has
any of those feelings left.
(Draven laughs)
- You mean I put her off men completely.
- The whole gender.
- Well, ain't that a shame.
- Yeah.
(Draven sighs)
Hey, what are you gonna do now?
- [Draven] About what?
- Work.
- Turn over a new leaf and get a job.
- What kind of job you thinking about?
- The kind that'll hire an ex-con.
- That's gotta suck.
- Yeah, it does.
But it won't last forever.
- Really.
(Draven laughs)
(Hunter scoffs)
- [Draven] Yeah.
(birds chirping)
(ominous music)
Didn't I buy you that purse?
- Draven.
What are you doing here?
You found me.
- I just came to see my wife.
- I'm not your wife.
- As I recall we were married
in the house of the Lord,
and you made a vow to have and to hold,
to love and to cherish,
to comfort and protect,
to honor and defend,
for better or for worse,
rich or poor, sickness and in
health, till death do us part.
- The man I made that vow
to doesn't exists anymore.
He became someone else.
- Maybe you should just give him a chance
and see what happens.
- [Laura] Get your hands off me.
- [Draven] Just listen to me, Laura.
- [Laura] I don't wanna listen to you!
- Listen.
- No!
- Mam, do you need some help?
- Look nobody asked you for anything.
- Why yes, I actually do need some help.
The truth is I've never been really good
at backing up cars.
Could you back this out for
me so that I can go home?
- Yes, mam.
- Trevor.
- Kaitlyn, it'll be all right,
just stay where you are.
(car door clicks)
(car door bangs)
(car engine humming)
It's ready, mam.
- Here.
- No, mam, it's all right.
- Are you sure?
- I'm positive.
- Well, thank you, thank you, thank you.
(car door bangs)
- Well, it looks like you did
your good deed for the day.
- Mister, I don't know who you are
but unless you're totin',
you ain't got a speck of leverage on me.
And crap from you I ain't taking.
- Is that right?
Are you sure?
(Kaitlyn gasps)
(ominous music)
It's your lucky day, Jughead,
'cause I ain't totin'.
- Trevor, let's go.
- Thanks for pitching in.
Y'all come back now ya hear?
(mower engine whirring)
(ominous music)
(insects chirping)
(birds chirping)
Well, I know this ain't no social call.
What's on your mind, Sheriff.
- You are, Draven.
You're right this is no social call,
it's business, Sheriff's business.
Here's what it is, you need
to stay away from Laura.
- And what did she tell you?
That little bitch.
- She told me plenty.
You've been stalking
her, and harassing her.
And here's what you need to know,
we're filing a restraining
order against you,
and the judge, he'll listen to me.
We're good friends.
- You're good friends with
everyone around here, Sheriff.
- Practically everyone
including Baxter Monroe,
the owner of this business.
One word from me, you
don't work here anymore.
Also including Reese Wilkins,
the owner of the place you're staying in.
One word from me, you
don't live there anymore.
You don't go to her door,
and you do not approach her,
not on the street, not in a
store, and not in a parking lot.
Your harassment of Laura stops now.
- Tell me, Sheriff, are you
going the way of the Mormons?
'Cause Laura is a fine
piece of ass, isn't she?
- She's the mother of your son.
- Yeah, I know that,
but I know you notice the other, right?
Tell me, Sheriff, you banging my wife?
Is that what this is about?
- Just stay away from her, Draven.
Don't approach her again
because if you do I will come for you,
and I will crush you,
and there is nothing you can
be more certain of than that.
(ominous music)
(birds chirping)
- [Hunter] Hey, Ma,
have you seen my phone?
- No, when's the last time you had it?
- I know I had it with me in Dad's car.
- Could you of left it there?
- I mighta.
- Well, if he had your
phone he'd have to call me
to tell you that he found
it and that's a problem.
- I suppose.
- Well, I better call your number,
maybe we'll hear it ringing.
- Yeah.
- Wait, I better not,
your father might answer.
I'll have Sam from next door do it.
He won't mind.
- No, just give me the phone, I can do it.
It's not gonna matter
if he hears my voice!
- But it would still look
like it's me calling,
so let's just have Sam
from next door do it.
It won't hurt anything.
I'm sure he won't mind.
You just stay here and
listen for the ring, okay?
- [Hunter] Sure, Mom.
Whatever, whatever you say.
- Thank you.
I'll be right back.
(phone ringing)
- Yeah.
- [Howard] Draven, this Howard
Spears, your parole officer.
We've received a complaint
from Sheriff Joe Haladin
that you've been stalking and
harassing your ex-wife, Laura.
Now that is a parole violation,
and you may be going back
to prison because of it.
We've opened an inquiry.
There'll be a hearing in
two weeks, you must attend.
If you don't a warrant will
be issued for your arrest.
And if you are found culpable
you will be taken into custody on the spot
by the constable, and
transported back to Huntsville.
Do you understand?
- Yeah, I understand.
- [Howard] Good.
You better come, Draven,
and bring your toothbrush,
and don't leave the county
before then, you got it?
- Yeah, I got that.
- [Howard] Good.
Now word of advice, Draven,
don't make this harder than it has to be.
(ominous music)
- Hey, what's up?
- Hey, Chase, it's Hunter.
- I know who you are, says it on my phone.
- [Draven] Are you fucking drunk?
- No, I ain't drunk, just drinking.
- Hey, man, you asked what
was up, so I'm gonna tell you,
now you're not gonna be happy
but you know those kids that you say
are always talking about you
behind your back you know?
Well, they's at it again.
- [Chase] Like who?
- Well, that you know
Trevor, the athlete one
likes to wear his Letterman jacket all,
you know uh, uh, what's his last name?
- Mckennie.
What he'd say?
- He said, "That you
should be the poster boy
for involuntary sterilization."
Man, do you even know what that is?
- Yeah, I'm not a idiot.
Keep going.
- Well, he said, "You can only count to 20
if you was barefoot,
and that you are so dumb
blondes tell jokes about you."
That guy was laughing.
- Is there anyone else?
- [Draven] What, telling jokes about you?
Oh, hell yeah.
The Sheriff's own daughter, Becky.
She said, "That you must
of snuck into the gene pool
when the lifeguard was
dabbing zinc on his nose."
I ain't even heard that one before.
Hey, Chase, you there, man?
- Yeah.
- [Draven] Dude, what are you gonna do?
- Get even.
- Yeah.
So I'm your friend, and I
just thought you should know.
I mean you let people go around
talking about you like that
and what the hell do you have left?
What do you have left to live for?
You know what I'm saying?
- [Chase] I gotta go.
- Yeah, man, I'll see you tomorrow.
(phone beeping)
- Bedford, yeah, I think I
got a job for you and Buell.
I think it's going down tomorrow.
Yeah, man, here's the scoop.
(gun whooshes)
(gun clicking)
(insects chirping)
(birds chirping)
(dirt thudding)
(gate creaking)
(gate clanging)
- [Joe] What, you becoming a farmer now?
- Maybe. (laughs)
Yeah, it's a new career. (laughing)
What are you doing here?
Ain't you supposed to be at work?
- [Joe] I'm on my way
to Austin for SAT meet.
- Ah, Sheriff's Association
of Texas founded in 1874.
I was at the inaugural meeting.
- [Joe] (chuckles) Well, I gotta say, Pop,
you're holding up pretty good.
- Yeah, I take care of myself.
- Listen, I've only got a few minutes
but there is something important
I need to discuss with you.
You mind?
- Sure.
- [Joe] You know the elections coming up.
- Yeah.
- [Joe] This time I won't
be running unopposed.
- What?
Who's running against you?
- [Joe] One of the precinct
commissioners, Greg Stanish.
- That asshole?
(scoffs) You know he's
all hat and no cattle.
He's, he's just a guy with too much time
and too much money on his hands.
He couldn't beat his way out
of a pissed soaked paper,
and he certainly can't beat you.
- Yeah, you're probably right,
but as you said he is loaded,
so I figure I better
take this race serious.
- (sighs) There's something
I never told you before.
(gentle music)
Your mother, may she rest in peace
did not want you
following in my footsteps.
She saw how it affected
me, how it affected her,
how it affected our lives together.
She didn't want the same
thing for you and Carrie.
Plus you being her only child.
But I weighed on her not to
say anything to you about it
and that puts it mildly.
I'm not proud of the way
I treated that woman,
and you know how I was at the time.
- Well, don't beat
yourself up too bad, Pop.
Even if she would of said somethin',
I was still gonna follow
you no matter what.
You know how I was at the time.
- Any regrets?
- Nah, Pop, you know better than that.
It's in my blood, same as yours.
Plus I've learned to cope better
with the parts of the job I don't like.
I'm all right, I really am.
Which brings me to what
I came here to ask you.
Will you be my campaign manager?
If you need to think
about it I understand.
- I don't need to think about it.
You got my answer right
now, of course I will.
I got news for you he cannot run
for precinct commissioner
at the same time,
so Greg Stanish we're gonna banish.
(Joe laughing)
- I appreciate the thought, Pop.
Does sweeten the deal.
- Yep.
- Listen, I'll be gone
for the rest of the day
but I'll call you tomorrow
and we'll get started, okay?
- Yeah, I'll be waiting.
- [Joe] All right, see ya tomorrow.
- Chompin' at the bit.
- Hey.
- Where is everyone?
Why aren't you uniform?
They won't let you practice.
- You know it got called
off, the coach had a meeting.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- Bummer.
Well, what do you wanna do instead?
- Well, I had this thought in mind
that your friend, Savannah,
you know she needed
help writing this song,
so if she's available I can do it now.
- You're so nice.
Serves you right for being so talented.
Music, sports, academics,
you're the go-to person for everything.
- Not everything.
- Well, you're my go-to person for this.
- (laughs) Well, you should feel free
to impose anytime you like.
- Good to know.
- Now let's call Savannah.
- Jayden!
Jayden!
- What does he want?
- I'm not sure, but you stay here.
Hey, what's up, man?
- Where's Trevor?
Why didn't he come to school today?
- Trevor, yeah, he's at UT
today, you know he actually
had another appointment
with the recruiter.
They are definitely interested in my boy.
That's great, isn't it?
- Not for me.
- [Jayden] Is something wrong?
- With what?
- With anything?
Just let me know, and I can help you.
- Ain't nobody can help me.
And nobody can help you either.
(gentle melancholic music)
(woman vocalizing)
(heart pounding)
(gun bangs)
(siren wailing)
(woman vocalizing)
- [Becky] Jayden!
(tires screeching)
(door clicks)
(door bangs)
Jayden!
- How many shooters?
- Just one.
- [Becky] Why did you do this?
- [Chase] Justice.
- Justice?
Jayden never wronged you,
he never wronged anyone!
- [Chase] And what about you, Ms. Haladin?
When was the time that you wronged me?
- You're twisted!
You're out of your mind!
- Well, I'm sure you could
go all day about that,
but the truth is I have
you to kill, then myself,
and time's a wasting!
(gun bangs)
(high-pitched tone)
- Come, come, come here.
It's okay.
- Jayden's dead.
- It's okay.
Is he the only shooter?
Becky, Becky, are you sure?
- Chase, he's the only one, Chase.
- Okay.
This is Deputy Nelson Harris.
I've got a shooting at
Arlettsville High School.
I've got two students down.
One shot the other, I shot the shooter
right next to the baseball field.
I need backup and EMS now.
All right, Becky, come on,
I'm gonna get you out of here.
All right, let's go, come on.
(gentle brooding music)
(birds chirping)
(car door clicks)
(car door bangs)
Joe.
- Nelson.
- [Nelson] We've had a
shooting at the high school.
One boy's dead, Jayden Wright.
Chase Garick was the shooter.
I shot him dead.
No other casualties.
- Where's Becky?
- She's with me.
I'm driving her home.
- [Joe] Was she hurt?
- [Nelson] No.
But Joe she was in the thick of it.
I got there just in time.
I mean just in time.
- What the hell were they arguing about?
- [Nelson] Apparently nothing.
He was delusional.
He was demented.
- Please put Becky on.
- Yeah.
Becky, it's your dad.
- Dad.
- Are you hurt?
(Becky crying)
- No, Dad, but Jayden's dead.
- (sighs) I know.
I'm so sorry.
I'm devastated, torn apart.
Listen, I need you to do something for me.
I need you to be strong now.
I know it's the hardest thing
I've ever asked you to do,
but will you do that for me?
- I'll try.
- Thank you.
That's all expect.
Listen, I need to get to the high school
but I will come to you and
your mom as soon as I can.
- I know you will.
- I love you, sweetie.
- I love you too, Dad.
(gentle pensive music)
(car engine revving)
(car engine humming)
(brooding music)
(door clicks)
(suspenseful music)
(car door clicks)
(car door bangs)
(keys clanging)
(car engine revving)
(Carrie yells)
(knuckles tapping)
- You're gonna flood it
if you keep doing that.
- Clint, what are you doing here?
Did Joe call you?
Did he tell you to come?
- Joe called me but he didn't
have to tell me to come,
I came here on my own.
- So you know then?
- Yeah.
- Okay, well, I have to go get Becky.
- Let me take you, Carrie, please.
- Okay.
(car door clicks)
(car beeping)
(car door bangs)
- Uh, we're gonna need to let this
kinda sit here for a minute, all right.
(Carrie sighs)
- Clint, I think I'm losing it.
- Carrie, I need you to think
about something for a minute.
You're a Haladin, Haladin's don't lose it.
(Carrie sighs)
Now remember Becky did not get hurt.
Becky's okay.
All right, she's out of harm's way.
(Carrie sighs)
Carrie, we're the lucky ones.
Just think about what the Wrights
are going through right now.
- Oh, god. (sighs)
You're right, Clint, I know you are.
- Okay, I'm gonna start
this thing back up again,
so this time I'm not
gonna give it any gas.
(Carrie and Clint laughing)
Well, look who's here.
(suspenseful music)
- Oh, god.
Becky!
- Mom!
- Becky!
Oh, my god.
Are you hurt, are you hurt?
- [Becky] No, but Jayden's dead.
- I know, I know, I know, I know.
I'm so sorry.
Your father called me.
All I can think about
now is that you're okay.
You're alive, you're, you're alive.
(Carrie crying)
- [Becky] Were you gonna drive like this?
Thank god grandpa was here.
Thank you, Grandpa.
- Ah, you don't need to thank me, darling.
You can thank him.
- Nelson, you saved my little girl.
- Carrie, you know I'd
take a bullet for her.
- I do know that.
- Let's get you in the
house, you need to lay down.
- Come on, baby.
(gentle music)
(phone ringing)
- Hey, Sheriff.
- Go ahead, Dave, give me an update.
- Two Texas Rangers and I
secured the crime scene,
and we've got FBI on the way.
- So am I.
How did Becky look?
Did she appear to be injured?
- No, she seemed all right physically,
but uh, she seemed pretty distraught.
I mean suffering to the max.
- She was dating Jayden.
I don't know if you knew that.
- No, I didn't know that till just now,
but that explains a lot.
- I'm heading there as fast as I can.
I left the SAT meeting as soon as I heard.
I'll be there in 30 minutes or less.
Call me if you need me.
- Will do.
- Becky, I need to go join
your dad back at the school,
and you need to go take
care of your mom, all right?
- I know, Nelson.
Look, you saved my life today.
And I am so, so grateful.
I need you to know that.
- Becky, I never had a daughter,
never even had a niece.
You and your family, y'all are it for me.
You can always count on your
Uncle Nelson, all right.
- I know, I know.
- Now you get in there
and check after your mom.
She needs you.
(keys clicking)
(phone ringing)
- Principal.
- Benson.
- Principal Benson,
what we have here is a list
of all the faculty's students
still here being
interviewed by our agents.
What we need is a list of everyone.
Would you be able to do that for us?
- I'll get right on it.
- Thank you.
Principal Benson, I know this is tough.
- I appreciate you.
(phone ringing)
(door clicks)
- Frank Calderone.
How'd you get here so fast from Dallas?
- Good to see you too, Sheriff.
And if you really care by helicopter.
I happened to be in San
Antonio at the regional office
when the call came in.
Two kids shot, officer involved shooting.
Since you're finally here maybe
you can tell me something.
Tell me something about this kid
your deputy shot, Chase Garick.
- I don't know much about him.
Met his dad once, Earl Garick.
He's a long distance truck
driver, he isn't home much.
Never met his mother.
My office has never received
a complaint about Chase.
And what can you tell me about him?
- Well, he's had no criminal history.
Students we interviewed said,
"He's been sullen, disgruntled lately,
seems like he's angry at
something or someone."
- Frank, you wanna take a
look at this before I fax it?
- [Becky] Dad.
- Becky.
Who did Chase Garick talk to?
- [Becky] Gosh, let me think.
Um, well, hardly anyone
because he was so unfriendly.
Always had this snarl on his face.
But there was some student I
remember seeing him talk to,
that was Hunter Denisen.
- Thanks, sweetie.
I gotta go.
(door clicks)
Ed.
(door bangs)
How are you holding up?
- That was a heck of a news conference.
- I know.
Hey, I appreciate everything you do.
- Yeah.
- And listen, you still
have that list of students
that are being detained?
- Yeah, it's in office, Joe.
- All right, let's go look at it.
See if Hunter Denisen is on it.
- Yep, he sure is.
- [Joe] Where they at?
- They're talking to 'em
over in the gymnasium.
- Thanks, Ed.
Hunter.
What did you know about this?
- Nothing.
- Chase didn't say anything to you?
- Not a word.
- He ever complain to you about anyone?
- Well, he complained about everything.
The kid was so paranoid.
He thought everybody had it in for him.
He did the talking not me though.
To be honest I didn't even like the kid.
He just clung to me.
I didn't ask for it.
- You ever mention Chase to your dad?
- Truth is I, I did write about him once
but just talking about how nuts he was.
It's hard to fill up a page
when you're writing your dad in prison.
- What exactly did you
tell your dad about Chase?
- Just about this kid
who's wacko at school,
thinks everyone's badmouthing him.
I was just passing the time,
chewing the cud, that's all.
- (sighs) Has your dad ever asked
about Chase since he's been out of prison?
- Come to think of it yeah, yeah, he did,
but, but just once.
- [Joe] Carry on.
(Hunter sighs)
(brooding music)
(birds chirping)
(car door clicks)
(car door bangs)
- Sheriff.
- Nelson, I wish I had time
to thank you properly but I don't.
What happened when you got Becky home?
- Of the two of 'em I'd be
more considered about Carrie.
- I know, and I need to get home to 'em
but I can't right now.
There's another problem and it's serious.
- What do you mean, Joe?
- What I mean is Draven
Denisen is behind this.
I don't know how he got Chase
Garick to do what he did
but somehow he provoked him.
It's what my gut's telling me.
- What for?
What purpose?
- To attract law enforcement
here like a magnet.
Listen, I'm gonna head
over to First National.
Y'all two get to the Guardian Trust.
They're the only two banks in town,
I suspect he's at one of 'em.
I hope I'm wrong.
- Yeah.
- Let's find out.
- Okay, got it, let's go.
- Son of a!
(gun bangs)
(glass shattering)
(gun banging)
(truck engine roaring)
(tires screeching)
(suspenseful music)
- [Bedford] Come on, come on!
(woman screaming)
- Change of plans everyone.
End that call.
(woman screams)
- Get up.
Come on, get up against that wall.
- [Buell] Move!
Go!
(woman screaming)
Move it!
Go!
- Come on!
Get over there!
Line up.
Keep your eyes on me.
- Everyone, can I have your attention?
Seems we ran into a
little trouble outside,
so I'm gonna need your Texas hospitality
just a little bit longer.
Is there a back door to this place?
- [Ajani] No.
- What's back there?
- A solid brick wall.
- You watch them.
Buell, get the door.
- You the head honcho around here, right?
- I'm Ajani Sarpong, branch manager.
- How many people work for you?
- Two tellers, one loan officer, and me.
What does it matter?
- You don't ask the
questions here, Johnny.
I ask him and you answer 'em, got it?
- Of course, but you
need to know something,
my only concern are the
lives of these people.
- Now why'd you say that to me?
You got some kind of
threat wrapped up in there?
What are you implying?
- I'm not implying anything,
I'm just stating facts.
- (sighs) Well, let's just put
it to the test then shall we?
(suspenseful music)
Get over there!
You, come here!
Come here.
- Whoa, whoa.
- Get back!
- Whoa, wait, there's security cameras.
Wait!
There is security
cameras, there and there.
They're sending video
to the Texas Department of
Public Safety as we speak.
You want it turned off don't you?
I can do that for you.
There's a control panel in my office.
Your business is with me, not her.
- Yeah, we got business all right,
and when this is over you
and me will settle the score.
But right now I just need
you to shut the fuck up
and take me to that-
- Take me.
(suspenseful music)
Let's go.
Watch these guys.
(brooding music)
(police radio chattering)
(ominous music)
- [Dispatcher] Come in 98,
got 6418 South Avenue 67.
(police radio chattering)
- [Dispatcher 2] Respond to
transport your suspect please.
(police radio chattering)
- [Dispatcher] 71 stand by.
- Let me ask you something, Sheriff,
the business beside the bank,
I haven't seen anybody go in or come out.
- It's because there is no
business there, it went under.
And what I'd like to know is
what are you gonna do, Frank?
- I've got Draven's son, Hunter.
We're gonna let him talk to his dad.
- What do you expect to
accomplish by doing that?
- I'm gonna send him message.
He's got people in there,
I've got somebody out here.
- He's never gonna fall for that.
He knows you can't do anything to his son.
You've got nothing on him.
There's no evidence that
he was criminally involved.
You're just gonna agitate Draven.
Take my advice don't do it.
- I'll take that under advisement
but it's already in motion.
Get him out.
(car door clicks)
- Hey, Dad.
It's, it's me, Hunter.
Uh, I don't know what's going on.
I don't understand what
happened at school,
but uh, if you want me to
come in there I, I will.
I don't mind, really I, I don't.
Um, it's not a problem for me.
It really isn't.
So just let me know
what you want me to do.
(police radio chattering)
- Me?
- [Draven] Let's go.
- [Carlos] Are you gonna
shoot me in the back?
- It's your lucky day, poncho,
you're being released.
You just gotta make a run for the border.
- Are you gonna shoot me in the back?
(Draven laughs)
- Not if you can dodge bullets.
(suspenseful music)
- Get down, get down.
Here you go, here you go.
(paper rustling)
- Clear the streets, have
a military helicopter land
with a full tank of fuel,
stocked with food and water.
The pilot won't be hurt
so long as he cooperates.
You have till midnight.
If it isn't here by then
I will shoot a hostage.
Then I'll shoot one each
hour until it gets here.
What does he expect to
do with the helicopter?
- He used to fly helicopters.
- When, was he military?
- Nah, when he was younger
he flew crop dusters, the helicopter kind.
- Hell, if he could do that
why did he turn to crime?
- He did it drunk once
almost killed himself,
two people on the ground.
Needless to say he lost his license.
- Where would he fly?
- I can only speculate.
We both know how useless that is.
- He's given us till
midnight, so it'll turn dark,
he has a plan.
- What are you gonna do, Frank?
- It's not up to me, not my decision.
FBI doesn't operate like that.
What's your name?
- Carlos.
- Carlos, are you hurt?
- No, sir.
- Is anyone inside the bank hurt?
- Not that I know of.
- Three gunmen?
- [Carlos] Yes, sir, seven
hostages are still remaining.
- Okay, okay, Carlos, we're
gonna need your full statement.
- Yes.
- Thank you.
- Oh, Johnny.
You spread on down there a little bit.
What are you all huddled up there for?
Plottin'?
Shh.
Quit crying, I'm sick of it.
(Hostage crying)
- [Nurse] Are you okay?
- No.
Not really.
I, my bladder is acting up.
- Oh, tell me about it, I'm a nurse.
- Really?
- Yeah.
- I have this condition it's called IC.
- Oh, god.
- Yeah, and I really have to go.
- Ouch.
Yeah, that's gotta hurt.
Why don't you tell him you have to go?
- What?
- Tell him.
- No.
Did you see the way that he
acted last time I asked him?
And it wasn't that long ago.
That guy really scares me.
- Okay, stand up.
- What?
- Come on.
- No.
- Yes.
- No, no, no.
- You can, you can do it.
- No.
- Yes.
Good girl, good girl.
Hey, she need to use the ladies' room now,
it's a medical necessity.
- It is for all of us, toots.
She can just wait her turn.
- Think again, Clyde,
she's got a condition called
interstitial cystitis.
It's very painful, she's gotta go now.
- Well, maybe she can just hold it.
Somebody else is going right now.
- No, you don't understand, I
can't hold it anymore, okay.
Please.
- Boo.
- Just-
- It don't make-
- Please.
- No nevermind to me, darlin'.
- Excuse me.
There's a private lavatory in my office,
she's welcome to use it.
- [Bedford] What she's
welcome to use or not use
is not for you to say.
- She's suffering.
- Johnny.
I'm appealing to your decency.
- My decency.
- Your humanity.
- [Bedford] You're trying
to butter me up, boy.
- No, I'm not, I'm just saying.
(fist thuds)
(Bedford groans)
(elbow thudding)
(Bedford groaning)
(Bedford yelling)
(Ajani groans)
(body thuds)
(Bedford groans)
(gun clicks)
Drop it, drop it!
(woman gasping)
(woman screaming)
(fist thuds)
(Draven yells)
(body thuds)
- I think you killed
him, and I hope you did.
- [Draven] No, he's gonna come around,
and you better get these on him
before he does and he hoodwinks you again.
(suspenseful music)
(Ajani groaning)
(brooding music)
(door clicks)
(suspenseful music)
(door thuds)
- [Laura] Hunter.
That's my son.
- Mam.
- You cannot go through.
- You cannot go in there, mam.
- That's my son.
- You cannot go through.
- I wanna see my son-
- I understand, I understand.
- That is my son-
- I need you to stay here.
- And I have a right to see him.
- Vince, let her through.
- All right, all right,
come on, let her through.
- Joe, I wanna leave with Hunter now.
- No, Mom, I'm staying.
I might be able to help.
I'm his son.
Whether you like it or not, I'm his son.
- Hunter, in the car now.
- No.
- Listen to your mother.
- Joe.
Get him out of here.
- After you.
(brooding music)
(car door clicks)
- Thank you, Joe.
I was so scared he might end up.
- It's okay, Laura.
We'll talk about it when it's all over.
- Took a job in Austin.
Hunter and I need a fresh start.
- [Joe] Laura, I think
that's a great idea.
Call me if you need me.
- You bet.
(car door clicks)
- [Joe] You be good to your mother.
Fresh starts don't come along every day,
I want you to think about that.
Hunter, you hear me?
- Yeah.
(car engine revving)
(car door bangs)
(brooding music)
- Joe, you oughta go ahead and go home.
We're at a standstill, ain't
nothing gonna happen right now,
at least till midnight.
- All right, I'll be
back in a couple hours.
- I should know something by then.
(door creaking)
(door clicks)
(gentle music)
- [Joe] How are you?
- I'm a wreck.
But not as bad as last time.
- That's good.
How's Becky?
- She's suffering hard over Jayden.
- Has she eaten anything?
- No.
- You know if she ate this morning?
- I don't think she did.
- So she hasn't eaten anything all day.
- [Carrie] I don't think she has.
- I'm gonna go talk to her
and after that let's all
sit down together and eat,
the three of us.
May be the only way we can
get her to eat something.
- Okay, I agree.
I'll start cooking.
(Becky crying)
(knuckles tapping)
- Becky.
- Daddy.
Dad, how did this happen?
(gentle pensive music)
- (sighs) A very bad man did this,
and I mean someone other than Chase.
He manipulated Chase.
- How?
- I haven't figured that out yet.
- Why would anyone wanna do that?
- There are some very
bad people in this world
with no limits, that's the terrible truth.
- Dad, I'm sick over Jayden.
- I know, Becky, we all are.
He was a fine young man,
which reminds me I need
to go visit his parents.
- Can I go with you?
- Well, I'm going not just
as a friend but as Sheriff,
but okay, you can come.
- You know Dad, I really
think I loved him.
We, we never said it to each other.
I mean it just hadn't come to that yet.
And I'm sick about it now.
We never made love,
it hadn't come to that here yet.
But I wish I would of said the words.
I feel so guilty about it now.
- Becky, you have nothing
to feel guilty about.
I respect you both for
waiting, for taking it slow.
You're still in high school.
- You and Mom were high
school sweethearts,
were you crazy about each other?
- Oh, I guess that's the way it was.
But that doesn't make it commendable.
It's a bumpy road, Becky.
- I'd like tell his parents
how good he was to me.
- Well, I'm sure you'll
be able to and soon.
Now Becky, I think we should
get some food into you.
You haven't eaten anything all day.
- No, Dad, I can't, I,
I don't feel like it.
I, I don't have any appetite.
Please don't make me.
- Well, okay, you're
excused from dinner tonight.
But you have to eat something tomorrow,
young lady, you understand?
- I do.
I promise I will.
- Well, if you're not gonna eat,
I think you should go right to sleep.
- Okay.
I love you, Daddy.
- Your daddy loves you too, Becky.
(light switch clicks)
(door clicks)
(brooding music)
- Tom called.
- Did he talk to Becky?
- Yes, he did.
He'd like to talk to you.
- I'll call him when I can.
- What are you gonna do, Joe?
(scoffs) You're gonna go back
there tonight aren't you?
- Yes, of course.
- But why?
The FBI are there and the Texas Rangers,
what do they need you for?
- Because I'm the sheriff,
and I need to be there.
- [Carrie] Okay, I'm not
gonna fight with you, Joe,
not this time, not like last time.
- There's nothing to fight about, Carrie.
Besides as you said,
"The FBI and the Texas Rangers are there,"
and this time I'm not
gonna be chasing somebody
off into the woods.
Believe me, Carrie, if
I could just stay here
with you tonight I would, I gladly would.
- It would just be so nice
after everything that happened
to put this godawful day
and ourselves to bed.
Do you know what I mean?
- I do, Carrie.
It would be nice, awfully nice.
(gentle music)
I'm coming home to you
tonight and that's a promise.
I'll always come home to you.
(gun clicks)
(brooding music)
Whataya found out, Frank?
- Decision's been made,
we're not gonna give him a helicopter.
We're gonna use gas.
- (scoffs) Gas again?
Did you not learn anything from Waco?
- It's less flammable.
(Joe scoffs)
- Less flammable?
It's still flammable, Frank.
- Joe, I know you're used to
calling the shots around here
but this is way above your pay grade.
This action was approved
by the Attorney General
of the United States.
- So was the action at Waco.
- We can't give his bastard a helicopter.
- You're gonna risk
incinerating all those people
because you can't think of anything else?
- There's a chain of command here.
The FBI's a quasi-military organization,
I'm not in charge.
You're sure the hell not in charge.
And Arlettsville it ain't
like Mayberry anymore.
- [Joe] Ain't been like
Mayberry for a long time.
(phone ringing)
(phone clicks)
- Wayne Beatty.
- [Joe] Wayne, this is Sheriff Joe.
I need to speak to you in
confidence, it's important.
- Go ahead, Sheriff, I'm listening.
- [Joe] Well, first are you alone?
- I am.
- [Joe] Is this a recorded line?
- Probably, I can't say for certain
but more than likely it is.
- [Joe] Do you have your cellphone on you?
- I do.
- [Joe] All right, then
I'll call you back on it.
What's the number?
- 512-297-0408.
- [Joe] Okay, I'm calling you right now.
(phone clicks)
(phone ringing)
- Go ahead, Sheriff.
I do.
Well, I could.
I mean I have the capacity
if that's what you're asking.
Wait, is Harriet?
Okay, now I know you would.
I don't doubt that.
Well, I've never done it before
and no one else has either that I know of,
so I'd just be guessing.
Well, if that's what you need,
Sheriff, I'm gonna do it.
Come hell or high water I'm gonna do it,
just tell me when.
(insects chirping)
(brooding music)
(truck door clicks)
- Hey, Joe.
All right, let's do this.
- How are the kids, Dave?
- Kids are good.
Everybody's well.
- Angela's sure growing up fast.
- Yeah, she's in fourth grade this year.
- Little Benny, his birthday's coming up.
- Yeah, he'll be uh, three in October.
Something bothering you, Joe?
- Go on back to your family, Dave.
- What?
We have a situation tonight.
- Not you, buddy, not tonight.
- What are you talking about?
I'm your top deputy, why
are you excluding me?
- I will no subject your
family to that risk.
- I'll be wearing a vest, Joe.
- It doesn't cover everything,
and it sure as hell doesn't
come with a guarantee.
- And what about Nelson?
- He doesn't have a family.
- What about you?
- My kids are older.
- Is this a reason or
is this a justification?
- You can think whatever you want, Dave,
I don't have time to argue with you.
Gonna say this one time,
get out of this truck,
and go back to your family.
It's not a request.
- Is that what you want, Joe?
- It is.
- Okay.
Godspeed to you and Nelson tonight.
(hand tapping)
Go get 'em.
(truck door bangs)
(truck engine revving)
(insects chirping)
(gun clicking)
(phone ringing)
- Hey, babe.
(sighs) I didn't tell you yet,
Joe and I have to work tonight.
(knuckles tapping)
Yeah.
Hold on second, Chels, Joe's at the door.
Hey, come right in.
- Nelson.
(door bangs)
- Hey, I'm back, baby.
Well, it's related to it,
but you know they got the FBI,
and the Texas Rangers out there,
so we're just the local yokels.
I know you do.
I'm a lucky man for it.
I can give you a call, baby,
but it's probably gonna be really late.
I don't wanna wake you up.
I know you are, everybody
is, but worrying don't help.
You need to get a good night's sleep.
That's all you need to
think about right now.
I'll call you first thing in the morning.
I will.
Hey, Chels, I love you.
You rest easy on that.
I mean it too.
All right.
Good, goodnight.
(brooding music)
(door knocker tapping)
(gun clicks)
(door clicks)
(door creaking)
(door bangs)
- Where the hell do
you think you're going?
- Same place you're going.
- [Joe] Uh-uh.
- You need three people
for this and that's a fact.
- [Joe] How do you know Dave isn't coming?
- Is he?
- Pop, I cannot let you
do this, it's too risky.
- Son, I've done everything
I wanna do in this life,
I have seen everything I wanna seen,
I don't have a bucket list,
but if I die during this well,
I've made peace with that
'cause I get to see your mother again.
So if it's not too risky for you,
and it's not too risky for Nelson,
well, it sure as hell
ain't too risky for me.
- Well, I don't have time to stand here
and and argue with you all night.
I'll have to deputize you.
(hand taps)
- I'd be honored.
- [Dispatcher] All units stand by.
(electricity clicks)
(suspenseful music)
- What the hell happened?
- I don't know, maybe a transformer blew
but I didn't hear anything.
- Do you have an emergency
backup generator?
- We do but not with us.
- How long will it take to get here?
- It's not gonna be quick.
At least a couple of hours.
- Where the hell is the Sheriff?
- What happened?
- [Buell] They turned off the
power and he's uh, coming in.
- No, not they, he, he
turned off the power.
Sheriff.
(suspenseful music)
(door clicks)
(door creaking)
(gun bangs)
- Pop, check on Nelson.
- I got 'em.
You go get that guy.
(Nelson groaning)
You all right?
- I got it.
Let's go.
- All right?
- Let's go.
- Okay.
(Joe grunts)
(body thuds)
(Joe groaning)
(gun clanging)
(Draven grunting)
(body thuds)
(Joe groans)
(fist thudding)
(fist thuds)
(Draven groans)
(body thuds)
(Joe groaning)
(Joe screaming)
(fist thuds)
(body thuds)
(gun bangs)
- I will blow her fucking brains out.
- [Clint] Drop the weapon!
- I'll do it!
- Drop the weapon!
- [Buell] Get back and shut up!
(gun bangs)
(woman screaming)
(body thuds)
(woman crying)
(Joe groans)
(Draven grunting)
(fist thudding)
(bones cracking)
(Draven groans)
(bone cracks)
(Draven groaning)
(foot thuds)
(Joe grunting)
(fist thuds)
(ominous music)
(Joe wheezing)
(foot thuds)
(Joe groaning)
- [Draven] Hey, Sheriff,
this makes us even.
(fist thuds)
(suspenseful music)
(gun bangs)
(body thuds)
(brooding music)
- He's dead.
What about the other two?
- They're dead also.
You're hurt.
- I've been hurt before worse than this.
I'll be all right.
- We'll take care of the other ones.
- Good idea.
Pop, thanks.
(hand tapping)
You still got it.
Ah, shit.
It's all right.
I'll see ya later, Pop.
(hand tapping)
- You're looking pretty tore up.
I assume you prevailed.
This looks like one of those times
you're suppose to say, you
should see the other guy.
- Yeah.
How you doing, buddy?
- I told you before I'm tough
ol' cuss made of callus.
- That you are.
- Yeah, I'm gonna hustle after Clint.
I think the hard part's over.
- Keep your eyes peeled on the front
for an ambulance with your name on it.
This is Sheriff Joe Haladin.
I need an ambulance, First National Bank.
One of my deputies has been shot.
No, just send the ambulance right away.
Thank you.
- You wanna come with me, get checked out?
- No, there's nothing they can do for me.
I'm going home where I belong.
- Oh, say hi to Carrie for me.
- [Joe] Will do.
(door clicks)
(door bangs)
- You know I could have
you charged for this.
- You do what you have to do
and I'll do what I have to do.
Whatever happens happens.
Right now you're standing in the way
of the Sheriff of Atacorta County
and this is still his
stretch of Texas ground,
so you best step aside.
(triumphant music)
(truck door clicks)
(insects chirping)
(door creaking)
- Joe!
Joe, you're hurt.
- I'm fine.
Carrie.
- What?
- [Joe] (laughs) I know
I did it to you again.
- No.
- I wronged you tonight
but they were gonna use gas,
I, I couldn't let 'em
do it, I just couldn't.
Will you ever forgive me?
- All I can think about right
now is that you're alive.
That's all that matters.
- That's music to my ears.
- Come here.
- [Joe] I love you.
- I love you too.
- What do you say we go
inside and put ourselves
and this awful day to bed?
And I may never get up.
(Carrie laughs)
- I think that sounds great.
- [Joe] Lead the way.
- Come on.
- [Joe] Nelson says, hi.
- [Carrie] Oh, does he.
(door creaking)
(gentle music)
(door clicks)
When I go out
And troubles brew
There's just no tellin'
What I'll have to do
But here's my promise
Stead and true
I'll always come home to you
This life I chose
Both yours and mine
We're in the fire
We're on the line
But my word is this
And my word is true
I'll always come home to you
There'll always be danger
It isn't a stranger
But surely you know that by now
What makes it rougher is
That you had to suffer
You've had to suffer but now
Just ease your soul
Rest your mind
I'm out of the fire
I'm out of the bind
I did what I said
What I promise to do
To always come home to you
There'll always be danger
It isn't a stranger
But surely you know that by now
What makes it rougher is
That you've had to suffer
You've had to suffer but now
Just ease your soul
Ease my soul
Rest your mind
Rest my mind
I'm out of the fire
I'm out of the bind
I did what I said
What I promise to do
To always come home to you
I'll always come home to you